Twitter has a long story I've always been fascinated by cities and how they work and
I just I taught myself how to programs...the can understand how the city works I want to
visualize am I want to see them I want to play with them I was inspired by new york city
interests if you consider new york city of all these entities just roaming about the city
you have taxicabs ambulances fire trucks and they're always reporting
where they are and what they're doing and if you can visualize
...you can actually see how the city is living and breathing and what's happening in
the city so I started building dispatch software and that's
a software that runs these entities...reporting where they are what they're doing I'm
ambulance it fits...broadway and taking a patient in cardiac arrest to saint john's
mercy very simple model in two thousand I realized that I had this
beautiful picture of all these verticals in the city that make the city work but
I was missing the...has missing the people as missing my friends?